well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about uh
president trump's brother
robert trump we're talking about that
news
the reaction to that news the reaction
to the reaction
and we're going to view all of this
through the lens
of a quote a very american quote a quote
that i'm certain
most people watching this have heard
repeatedly
a quote that gets used all the time in
in a truly american twist
almost nobody knows the context of that
quote
and bringing it into context bringing it
into focus
really shows exactly how far we have
strayed
from the ideals that we think
make up america
okay so if you don't know last night
president trump's brother robert trump
passed
almost immediately when news broke
the phrase wrong trump
began trending on twitter if you don't
know how twitter works
the more people who are saying something
the more likely it is to trend so you
had a significant portion
of people saying that that was that was
the wrong trump
this of course caused some moral outrage
some people were very upset by this
they demanded condolences and compassion
that was met by a course of people
saying
well it is what it is
and that is the current state of the
united states
it becomes even more american and even
more
2020 when we acknowledge that many of
those demanding compassion
were the same people who not too long
ago
were demanding that robert trump's
demographic laid themselves down
for the economy and if you questioned
that
and you said no no no no you know one is
a tragedy
170 000 is apparently a statistic
you would hear something along the lines
of well you can't stop at all and
you know you can't live your life in
fear
and that sounds good and everything but
what does that even mean
you can't live your life in fear yes you
do
fear is what keeps you alive if you
didn't live in fear if you didn't have a
sense of fear
you wouldn't be here fear keeps you
alive especially when you're talking
about something that is
identifiable and it's justified
and then you're hit with that quote
we have nothing to fear but fear
itself
okay so what does that say
what does that mean in context
what was fdr trying to say it's from his
inaugural speech
i'm not going to go through the whole
thing because dude was really
long-winded it's about like 20 minutes
long
but i'm going to go through a
significant portion of it stick with me
because maybe there's some value in it
today
so first of all let me assert my firm
belief
that the only thing we have to fear is
fear itself
nameless unreasoning unjustified
terror which paralyzes needed efforts
to convert retreat into advance in every
dark hour
of our national life a leadership of
frankness
and a vigor has met with that
understanding
and support of the people themselves
which is essential to victory
and i'm convinced that you will again
give that
support to leadership in these critical
days
man that is really heavy that is a heavy
introduction
what is he talking about let's find out
he goes on to say
rulers of the exchange of mankind's
goods have failed
through their own stubbornness and their
own incompetence
have admitted their failure and have
abdicated
practices of the unscrupulous money
changers stand indicted
in the court of public opinion rejected
by the hearts and minds of men this is
starting to sound relevant
the money changers have fled from their
high seats in the temple of our
civilization
we may now restore that temple to the
ancient truths
the measure of the restoration lies in
the extent to which we apply
social values more noble
than mere monetary profit i'm going to
ask that you not use a quote from this
speech
to justify setting aside social values
in the pursuit of monetary profit
recognition of the falsity of material
wealth
as the standard of success goes hand in
hand
with the abandonment of the false belief
that public office
and high political position are to be
valued only
by the standards of pride of place and
personal profit
this this really was written a long time
ago i know it sounds like
now and there must be an
end to a conduct in banking
and in business which too often has
given to a sacred trust
the likeness of callous and selfish
wrongdoing
yeah the people using that quote
to justify reopening the economy are the
exact
people being chastised in the speech
they are the callous the selfish
those who are pursuing material
possessions
those who are interested in pride of
place
the fear he was talking about here
his fear of change his fear of moving
forward
he wasn't saying just throw caution to
the wind
there's that other saying one is a
tragedy
a million is a statistic if we want
more noble social values we're going to
have to acknowledge
that yes a million is a statistic but
every increment
in that statistic is a tragedy and we're
gonna have to work to stop it
because that's what we do in the united
states we use statistics oftentimes to
justify
not fixing things the problem becomes
too big
we just need to sit on our couch
we can't actually push back
i would point out that
we have had issues like this in the past
and people didn't give up people found
leadership they didn't have it
in the beginning they became it
they became the people on the front
lines those really working for
change those holding up a mirror
to the absurdity of the current system
so i'm not going to condemn those people
who said
it is what it is if if you follow me on
twitter you know i'm
actually one of them um because that is
what it's doing it's holding up a mirror
and while as one person when we're
talking about robert trump
yeah that's that's a pretty horrible
statement admittedly
there were 170 000 americans who heard
their president
offer no condolences
just an acceptance it is what it is
doesn't matter we have to move forward
open up that economy yeah we're going to
lose some people
but material possession is worth it
we don't want to change because we have
to prove we're not afraid
we have gone from
leaders people in
political office who could deliver a
speech like this
and have lines from it
resonate so much and last so long
that people actually forget what they
meant
but they had that universal appeal
trump's famous quote is probably going
to be
it is what it is
if you're looking for change if you're
looking
to make america great again
you probably don't want a leader
who is that accepting of his own
failures
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day